Rename ROOT component to streaming (v24.2) (#1699)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/manual/high-availability.mdx

### Rack awareness

> Rack awareness is one of the most important features for HA. It lets Redpanda spread partition replicas across available brokers in different failure zones. Rack awareness ensures that no more than a minority of replicas appear on a single rack, even during cluster balancing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rack awareness is one of the most important features for HA. It lets Redpanda spread partition replicas across available brokers in different failure zones. Rack awareness ensures that no more than a minority of replicas are placed on a single rack, even during cluster balancing. 
```

You can automate this using Terraform or a similar infrastructure-as-code (IaC) tool. See [AWS](https://github.com/redpanda-data/deployment-automation/blob/main/aws/cluster.tf#L23-L24), [Azure](https://github.com/redpanda-data/deployment-automation/blob/main/azure/network.tf#L39-L50), and [GCP](https://github.com/redpanda-data/deployment-automation/blob/main/gcp/cluster.tf#L17-L19).

### Single-AZ rack awareness

> To make Redpanda aware of the topology it's running on, configure the cluster to enable rack awareness, and then configure each broker with the identifier of the rack. 
> 
> See also: [Enable Rack Awareness](../../../../manage/rack-awareness.mdx) for details about configuring rack awareness on Linux or Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make Redpanda aware of the topology it's running on, configure the cluster to [enable rack awareness](../../../../manage/rack-awareness.mdx), then configure each broker with the identifier of the rack.
```
